README.md, before:

# Teleport
Teleport is a native GTK3 app to effortlessly share files on the local network.

![Teleport Mockup](docs/mvp-mockup.png)

It's our answer to the question

> Why is the easiest way to move a file between two computers in the same room sending it to a server in another country and retrieving it from there?

Teleport is designed to be a replacement for using USB keys or emailing stuff to yourself just so you have them on another device on your desk. The main user interface on the receiver's side are notifications:

![Teleport Notifications Mockup](docs/notifications.png)

## Roadmap
We are currently working on an MVP for a native GNOME app that only sends files, but longer term we are interested in doing things like:
* drag & drop files to send them
* sending text snippets
* file transfer progress bars
* settings dialog
* file encryption
* native Android/iOS/macOS/Windows apps

## Build
#### Archlinux
```
  pacman -S base-devel libsoup avahi gtk3 meson
  git clone https://github.com/frac-tion/teleport.git
  cd teleport
  ./configure
  make
  ./_build/src/teleport
```
#### Ubuntu
```
  apt install pkg-config libsoup2.4-dev libavahi-client3 libgtk-3-dev meson
  git clone https://github.com/frac-tion/teleport.git
  cd teleport
  ./configure
  make
  ./_build/src/teleport
```


## License
AGPLv3, because freeeeeeedom

Commit message:

[docs] add flatpak installation instructions

README.md, after:

# Teleport
Teleport is a native GTK3 app to effortlessly share files on the local network.

![Teleport Mockup](docs/mvp-mockup.png)

It's our answer to the question

> Why is the easiest way to move a file between two computers in the same room sending it to a server in another country and retrieving it from there?

Teleport is designed to be a replacement for using USB keys or emailing stuff to yourself just so you have them on another device on your desk. The main user interface on the receiver's side are notifications:

![Teleport Notifications Mockup](docs/notifications.png)

## Install
Teleport is currently in early development, but you can try it by installing it via (flatpak)[https://flatpak.org]. If you're running a modern GNU/Linux distro you should already have flatpak, or be able to install it from your repositories.

If you have GNOME Software (or another GUI app to install flatpaks), just [download this file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/frac-tion/teleport-flatpak/master/teleport.flatpakref) and open it in Software (your browser should offer to do that before downloading).

Otherwise you can also install it from the command line:
```
flatpak install --from  http://frac-tion.com/teleport-flatpak/teleport.flatpakref
```

## Roadmap
We are currently working on an MVP for a native GNOME app that only sends files, but longer term we are interested in doing things like:
* drag & drop files to send them
* sending text snippets
* file transfer progress bars
* settings dialog
* file encryption
* native Android/iOS/macOS/Windows apps

## Build
#### Archlinux
```
  pacman -S base-devel libsoup avahi gtk3 meson
  git clone https://github.com/frac-tion/teleport.git
  cd teleport
  ./configure
  make
  ./_build/src/teleport
```
#### Ubuntu
```
  apt install pkg-config libsoup2.4-dev libavahi-client3 libgtk-3-dev meson
  git clone https://github.com/frac-tion/teleport.git
  cd teleport
  ./configure
  make
  ./_build/src/teleport
```


## License
AGPLv3, because freeeeeeedom
